From: Jorja Tan Yi En (2829182)

Reflection on 2885593
Name: Chow Suet Ling (Software Engineer)

To start off, it was honestly a pleasure to work with Chow, she took on the role of being one of the two software engineers in this team project and she has taken this role very seriously but is still very friendly and approachable. Moreover, she had a variety of wonderful qualities to her and I really do believe that she works almost perfectly in a team environment as she also emanated this natural sense of leadership which honestly boosted our morale and kept us inspired and motivated. She was also always happy to help with any issues that arose and was also very patient with her fellow teammates. Having Chow on the team also added more excitement to our team meetings, all the members were always engaged and we all enjoyed bouncing ideas back and forth and discussing our ideas with viable solutions to them. Truthfully, Chow always had wonderful ideas and it was always very exciting to hear them.

Moving on, Chow was also very understanding during the project as I was initially going to be working alongside her as the other software engineer. However, due to me being unwell, we came to a decision that I would change my tasks so that I would still be able to contribute effectively to the team. That was truly very supportive and I appreciate each member for that. Thus, I would be more than happy to work with Chow in any future projects and really enjoyed the collaboration and the mutual respect we built.

--------------------------------------------------------

Reflection on 2819226
Name: Lai Chiao Ting (UX/UI Designer)

As for Chiao Ting (Jaslyn), she was also an incredible asset and contributor to the team. She worked mainly as the UX/UI designer and was extremely diligent and constantly updating as well as refining the details in the UI throughout the course of the project. Never backing down, after each meeting, she would try her best to make the necessary adjustments based on our discussion and changes in opinions we had on the vision of the project and additional features for users. Although it is a given where last minute changes had to be made to the UI to fit the vision, it still worked out perfectly fine. However, for future reference, I think it would be beneficial for Jaslyn to further enquire about the vision of the project and certain requirements we deem useful to add into the system.

Additionally, although there were times when Jaslyn would seem slightly reluctant about incorporating new ideas due to its general functionality for the user, it was great to see that overtime she was able to speak her mind more and share her thoughts with us if she ever disagreed. I personally feel that because she spent so much time developing the UI, she was thinking about the users a lot and was constantly putting herself in their shoes to what they would want in this system, whilst maintaining the usability. Overall, I really enjoyed working with Jaslyn and wish that in the future she will continue to voice out any of her concerns without holding back.

--------------------------------------------------------

Reflection on 2806845
Name: Loh Wey Herng (Software Engineer)

Lastly, for the final member of this project, Wey Herng was the other software engineer of the two. He was initially meant to write some of the report as well, but because I was quite ill, I ended up swapping some of my tasks with him and taking on the report. With that, I was already quite grateful for my teammates' level of understanding and empathy. Moving onto the more technical aspects, he contributed a good amount to both the backend and the frontend. Knowing his job scope, he ensured that technical issues would be resolved in time and was rather independent in a way. Furthermore, just as I have mentioned for each of my teammates, the meetings we held were always very eventful and productive and Wey Herng contributed his insights during our brainstorming sessions and whatnot. 

However, although he was present and contributing during meetings, I did realise when there were times where he would be more quiet, which also made it harder to form a connection and truly understand his ideas. Hence, for future collaborations, I would just like to say that Wey Herng could further improve his skills in working with a team by trying to be more active within it and keeping the other members updated on his status. 
